# Control


** 1. Basic controls**

The basic control can only visualize the data flow value of the device, and can not issue commands or modify the data flow value of the device.

- Text controls
Text controls can use fixed text or display content based on data streams. You can set the font, font size, text thickness, italics and underscores, as well as text color, background color, alignment, line spacing and so on in the style options.

Broken Line Map
A polygraph can be displayed by choosing one or more data streams. You can set the display effect and color of the line chart. The style of x-axis and Y-axis and the time format of data points.

- Histogram
Reference Fold Map

- Picture Control
Pictures have three modes. The first is uploading what pictures show what pictures. The second is to display pictures according to the data stream links after data stream settings. Third, upload multiple pictures, and give each picture a value, according to the data stream return value and set value to compare to determine which picture to display.

- Link control
Link control has three types, button link, image link and text link.

Maps
Setting up the data stream, the map will display the location on the map according to the data.

* dashboard
Display data stream values according to data stream. Maximum and minimum values can be set, as well as the dashboard style.

** 2. Control Controls**

Control controls can not only visualize the data flow value of the device, but also send commands to the device.

* Knob
According to the data flow to display the data flow value, you can set the maximum, minimum, step size of the knob, you can also set the dial, knob, number and other colors in the style. And in the application, you can send commands to the set data stream by dragging the knob or setting the number in the knob.

* Switches
The switch style is displayed according to whether or not the data stream is set and the switch value. By clicking on the switch, the data corresponding to the switch value can be sent to the set data stream.

Command box
After setting up the data stream, the data can be sent to the corresponding data stream. The data can be divided into ordinary string data and hexadecimal data.