# Control Basic Operations

** 1. New controls**

Adding this type of control to the upper left corner of the editing area by clicking on the component icon in the component library

Left mouse button holds down the component icon in the component library, drags to any position in the editing area to release the left mouse button, and adds new controls in that location.

Copy and paste controls that already exist in the edit area to quickly add new controls

** 2. Check Control**

Click on the control in the edit area to switch the selected and unchecked state of the control

Click on the Control Layer in the Layer Navigation Bar to toggle the Selected and Unselected State of the Control

Click on the edit area control while holding down the CTRL key to select multiple controls

Edit Control**

Select the control to be edited. In the settings panel, the settings of the control (which shows the last selected control in the multi-selection state) will appear. The style, device and data flow of the control can be customized according to different requirements.

** 4. Delete controls**

When the control is selected, you can delete the control by pressing the Del key or clicking the delete button in the toolbar


## Spatial position and size

Drag Control Change Position**

The mouse-click control makes the control in the selected state. At this time, the control can be dragged to change its position in the editing area. By dragging the size control points around the control, the size of the control can be changed.

** 2. Alignment control**

When more than one control is selected in the editing area, the control alignment button appears in the toolbar. Clicking on them aligns the selected control with the red border control.

** 3. Distributed Control**

When more than two controls are selected in the edit area, control distribution buttons appear in the toolbar. Clicking on them will evenly distribute the selected controls in the corresponding direction.

** 4. Setting Size by Toolbar **

Using the size setting input box in the toolbar, you can accurately control the size of the selected control. Turn on "Keep Width to Height Ratio" to achieve scaling.

** 5. Use Layer Navigation to Control Cascade Sequence**

When the controls are stacked together, the upper control will cover the lower control when it is displayed. By dragging and dropping the layer in the layer navigation, you can change the relationship between the upper and lower layers of the controls.


## Combination and Dissolution Combination

Combine multiple controls for simultaneous operation.

** 1. Merge selected controls into groups**

Click the toolbar combination button to merge the selected controls into groups

** 2. Editors in Group**

When a group is selected, double-click it to enter the group and edit the controls inside the group again.

** 3. Back to the parent group**

Double-click in the margin of the editing area to exit the current edited group and return to the parent group (if the parent group exists).

** 4. Disbandment combination**

Select a group and click the toolbar disassemble combination button to disassemble the control from the group.


## Revocation and redo

Undo and redo currently supports only the following operations

Added or deleted controls

Operations that change the location and size of controls

- Combination, Disbandment, Entry, Exit

## Preview, save and release

1. Preview
Click the toolbar preview button to preview the current editing area in full screen. The preview only shows the current editing page.

2. Preservation and Publication
Click the Save button in the toolbar to save the current edited application. This action will save all pages being edited.



## Shortcut keys

| Shortcut Key Combination | Function | Description|
|:-----|----|----|
| Ctrl + C | replicable | replicable controls or groups|
| Ctrl + V | paste | paste controls or groups in the clipboard into the editing area|
| Ctrl + Z | Undo | Undo back to the previous step|
| Ctrl + y | redo | redo the previous step|
| Delete | Delete | Delete the selected control or group|